Prepare changelog and upgrade guide for v4.0.0 (#48)
Level/iterator-stream: UPGRADING.md

This document describes breaking changes and how to upgrade. For a complete list of changes including minor and patch releases, please refer to the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md).

## v4

> Upgraded to `readable-stream@3` which contain several substantial changes and improvements. Since `level-iterator-stream` derives from `readable-stream` we decided to bump major as well. See https://github.com/nodejs/readable-stream#version-3xx for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgraded to [`readable-stream@3`](https://github.com/nodejs/readable-stream#version-3xx) which contains several substantial changes and improvements. Since `level-iterator-stream` derives from `readable-stream` we decided to bump major as well.
```
